hiya folks this is max from zero max
calm and nexus s hacks com um so today
we're going to learn how to install new
rom on a rooted phone so this is how
we're going to do it first you're going
to put it into USB storage mode and then
copy over in your computer the rom zip
file to the SD card or the internal
storage and then after that you have to
turn it off I did and right now i'm
installing open sodium and then you'll
need rom manager make sure you have rom
manager alright and then you can do just
install rom from SD card and then choose
on the wrong file so you have different
rums like net are key goin under the Sun
one a Trinity open so jus so I'm going
to choose on open soju and you can also
backup existing ROM so you have a copy
of the older on and you know and you
want most of the time you want to choose
wipe data in cash the only time you
don't want to do that is when you have a
the same room with an update then your
absolute ill be there but if you're
switching to a new rom you'll want to do
this and hit OK and that will basically
make clockwork mod redo the backup it's
doing the backup now just take like five
minutes and then it will automatically
install the new rom and then all you
have to do is just set it aside go to
the bathroom get some coffee and we come
back you'll have the new rom and also
backed up so that's how you update your
rooted nexus s to a new rom I just makes
this video so i don't have to add this
to every video wrong review but i can
just link to this video so see y'all
later well i'll show you when this is
done just to prove that it's working
hi all folks so it is backed up and
install the new rom and you will have
the review of the open soldier arm soon
and that's how you back up or that's how
you back up your arm and also install
the new rom so thanks to see you later